>> Kyle Simpson: So
that's our most basic of logic.
We're using one single strategy for
all of our requests, and I'm
going to tell you off the bat that it's
not going to work for all of our requests.
So we're gonna have
broken parts of our site.
We're not gonna be able to
do the login and APIs and
stuff like this, but that's okay.
We're just gonna test
to see if the basic and
we click around pages
part is working here.
>> Kyle Simpson: So we've updated
our version of our service worker.
Let's come over here and because
this is a pretty substantial change,
I'm just gonna go ahead and manually
stop and unregister my service worker.
Clear out all these logs.
And then we'll try to refresh the page,
should see, did I not update my version?
I thought I did.
Yep, need to update the version just so
we're on the right track.
So let's do that again.
>> Kyle Simpson: Clear this out,
clear the cache, stop the service worker,
unregister, clear the network cache.
You can see there's a whole bunch of
ritual that you get involved with as you
start developing against service workers.
Okay, let's try it again, we refresh, now
we're loading service worker version five.
Look at our network,
it definitely loaded a bunch of stuff.
I don't see any major errors,
so that's a good sign.
Let's come over to our application tab,
we have a cache storage
with some stuff in it.
So that's a good sign.
Now let's do our most basic of tests.
Let's try going offline.
So that's under the Network tab.
We're gonna check the offline button.
And now,
you notice the page says we're offline.
Let's cross our fingers and
hope that when we click the contact,
what did we do wrong?
I forgot to use the new operator
on the URL constructor.
It's the little details, isn't it?
All right, let's go back,
>> Kyle Simpson: To
our fetch handler, our router rather.
Gotta say new URL.
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's try this again.
>> Kyle Simpson: Clear out,
make sure to turn it back online.
Clear out.
Cash has been cleared.
It's been cleared because we
aren't on that page anymore.
Okay, so let's try to refresh.
>> Kyle Simpson: We'll just clear
all this out one more time.
So we're making sure
we're on a very clean,
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, we can see it seems
to be working fine so now let's go and
switch to offline.
And I hope this works.
We have a page that we served offline.
That's a huge big step, isn't it?
We've been building up for the last
multiple hours just to get to that one
little thing, it almost feels
a little anti climatic, doesn't it?
[LAUGH] But
we are actually able to serve these pages.
And you'll notice obviously that
the style CSS and all those,
those are also being served up offline.
Okay, let's make one
other test really quick.
By the way, if you're wondering why you're
getting all these network failures in
here, it's because in our service worker,
we're unconditionally making the fetch
request, even when we know we're offline.
So your service worker is trying to
make a request and it's failing.
And that's why that's gonna show up there.
And also in your logs,
you're gonna see stuff like that.
This one, by the way, it's failing
to load the new service worker
because it's trying to check
the service worker every time.
But anyway, this is okay.
This is not a bad thing, except you
might want to just skip the attempt
at a network request,
if is online is false.
There's no reason
the frustratingly try that, okay?
So we're going to go back online.
Clear out all our log stuff.
And our page still works, which is good.
We're back online.
But now, let's see what
happens if we kill the server.
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's
try to kill our server.
And let's go back to that page and
let's click, and it still works.
So we are online but
those fetches to the server
are still failing because they're
not able to reach to a server.
And then we fall back because those fail,
we fall back to our cache entries and
still serve a graceful
experience to the end user.